Yeah. What about us?
You can use part of it first.
Classic house for pre-sale
Can you give some larger discounts?
To encourage users to make deals as soon as possible
A good way to do this
Money from selling the house
Before the house is fully built
It's all back in our hands
Then take the money to buy land
Then go to the bank for a loan
One set at a time
One by one
Is that so?
Will we still have any obstacles in the real estate market?
According to you
Isn't it soon
The entire market of cloud worms was swallowed by us
To tell you the truth
That's not the intention
It's all over the place.
We take the bank money and build the building
Our funds are still our own
But
If the capital chain in the middle breaks
Isn't it all forgotten?
Even if there is a real break in this capital chain
It's not raw materials that should be invested
It's you.
Luckily I got directions from the bank
Ride the Wind
I didn't say you
What a genius you are!